Add logging based on env var (#821)
Shopify/shopify_api: README.md

Enable ActiveResource's logger with 

`export SHOPIFY_LOG_PATH={your_log_path}`

> This will create file `your_log_path` in the current project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will log to a file at the given path, relative to the current project directory.
```
